11-01-2026:
Only calculate the diffuse term in the RT reflection lighting, don't know why I included the specular term before.
Trying a method to store scene diffuse/normal in voxels.

12-01-2026:
My theory was right and the voxel cache can indeed save some performance.
But I feel wrong to only invalidate the hit position diffuse/normal in voxel by another screen space pass.
I should try to do that on fly during RT indirect, otherwise it won't update properly.
Another find is reducing RT payload size helps performance as well! Maybe I should have a pass on my payload usages.

14-01-2026:
Make it not to apply occlusion on indirect diffuse, which seems wrong to me.
Instead, only apply on the sky light. But I need a better solution to tell whether a point should receive sky light.
Also fixed NaN issue in RTIL shader and minimize the payload size in RTIL/RTRF.

15-01-2026:
Added RT sky light shader for use.

19-01-2026:
Added RT sky light pass. Next is to apply it in lighting shaders and see if it's good enough.
Nope, it was a bad idea lol. It's better to trace from the surface and tells whether to apply sky lighting.
Storing sky occlusion results in voxels seems wrong, as a voxel might be completely occluded or inside a mesh.

Let me just adjust occlusion formula at the moment - only start receiving sky light if a ray is missed.
This might be too strict for certain pixels but the correctness comes first.

21-01-2026:
Improved sky light receiving in RTIL. Though it introduces higher GPU time, it gives me the correctness.
Next is to figure out whether I can cache something for RTIL.

27-01-2026:
Applied RTIL cache. It does work well at certain places! Can save about 0.3~1.1ms depend on the location.
I need to consider the motion for it as well. 
Sadly..it still didn't cache much when I moved camera, mainly because the jumping frame RT. (Not shooting all 4 rays per-frame)
Next I will still try the world position storage instead. That was a nice attempt though.

28-01-2026:
Carry on RTIL cache experiments. Further reduced payload size.
Massively changed the hit groups structure and allowed multiple miss shaders.
So that the shadow ray tracing will be as lightweight as possible. This also changed how I access the SBT.